Add `kueue.x-k8s.io/pod-group-fast-admission` annotation on docs. (#3241)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/reference/labels-and-annotations.md

The label key is used to track the creator of MultiKueue remote objects in Worker Cluster.

### kueue.x-k8s.io/pod-group-fast-admission

Type: Annotation

Example: `kueue.x-k8s.io/pod-group-fast-admission: "true"`

Used on: [Plain Pods](/docs/tasks/run/plain_pods/).

> The annotation key is used to admit the plain pod, even if all the PodGroup pods haven't been created yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The annotation key is used to allow admitting a PodGroup as soon as the first pod in the group is created.
```

Author: Done
